# Privacy Statement
Last updated: 02/02/2023

The developers of swgoh-utils and comlink are not lawyers, so this is an attempt to use plain language to set privacy expectations, not a legal document.

- Comlink does not employ any user analytics tools, does not require registration, and does not "phone home" any information about you or your usage of comlink.
- On initial startup comlink attempts to determine the public IP address of wherever it is run from using some popular free websites that provide this service.  The IP address is used locally by comlink for the purpose of enabling API calls that require logging in to anonymous guest accounts, and is not transmitted.  A unique thumbprint is devised using the public IP where comlink is running, port that comlink is listening to, and the app name you provide, and this combination of identifers is used to generate the accounts that comlink uses to make read only calls that require game authentication.  These accounts are reused as long as the combination of identifiers stay the same across restarts of comlink.  This is desirable in order to be a good steward of your usage of comlink, so that large numbers of game accounts are not carelessly created each time you use the service.  This was the least intrusive solution that could be imagined for achieving these goals.
- You are required to identify an "app_name" to use comlink.  In the past, Capital Games has informally asked that users who are making bot API calls identify their bot name in the api calls, so that if there are any issues, they can get in contact with you.  Accordingly, comlink sends an identifier with each API request that identifies that the request is coming from a bot, the version of comlink being used, and the app name that you provide.  It's in your interests to set the app name to something that helps CG get in contact with you, so that if there's an issue they can ask you nicely to change what you're doing, instead of taking more extreme actions, like blocking you, comlink, or bot requests in general.
- When you send requests to comlink, it performs some validation that the request matches the format expected in its openapi specification, and then makes the corresponding API calls to the swgoh game services.  All of the information returned from the API calls are considered public since none of the APIs involve logging in to specific user accounts, and is visible to anyone.
- The requests that comlink sends to the swgoh game APIs function like normal internet traffic, similar to what your game client sends when you play the game.  The service providers you use will handle the flow of your traffic between your system and the game APIs.  There are no additional "middle men" services associated with comlink that are involved in this process.
- The intent is for comlink to do one thing, and do it well- provide a way to directly interact with public read only APIs for swgoh.  It has no need to do anything else.  That said, if you're concerned about running comlink, you should look in to running it as a container (so it is run in an isolated environment), or hosting it on a free service that hosts containers.  Some service providers are known to provide this type of hosting for free at this time, and links/guides to using those providers are discussed elsewhere in comlink's documentation.
- There are no "premium" features associated with comlink, and nothing can be purchased.  There may be ways to send donations to the developers in the future, but such gifts are not required to use comlink, and do not affect the functionality available.